# Zak Elep

## Who are you, and what do you do?

I'm Zak B. Elep, aka zakame.  I'm primarily a sysadmin, but recently
I've switched places to get into web development, being a journeyman
Perl hacker with a few o{l,o}d bits committed in the CPAN that I should
be busy updating myself.

## What hardware do you use?

![ThinkPad X61 and X200](https://fbcdn-sphotos-g-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-ash3/p480x480/994785_10151740022516913_1235470299_n.jpg)

I'm a fan of [ThinkPads](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ThinkPad): my
current workhorses are an X200 and an X61 (both second-hand units,) and
there are a few dead T61s I have collected at home (my new work will
also hopefully let me have a new ThinkPad to use.)  I also have a more
modern ASUS 1215B netbook that I use mainly for gaming, and a Raspberry
Pi (connected to a cheap 23" LED TV) for some odd hacks.

![1391472 SSK](https://fbcdn-sphotos-e-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/p480x480/394951_10151430738221913_1473357507_n.jpg)

I'm also a fan of old IBM [Model M
keyboards](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Model_M_Keyboard): my first one
is the classic 1391401 from April 1987, which is my main keyboard at
home.  Later, at the start of 2013, I got a 1391472 Space-Saving
Keyboard from Jun 1987 which I bring to work.  I also just received my
Feb 1998 13H6705 Model M13 Keyboard (the only black Model M with a
TrackPoint pointing stick) to use for work, keeping the SSK as a mobile
replacement; all of them are bought from eBay.

![Battlestation at $WORK](https://fbcdn-sphotos-f-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/p480x480/382546_10151780228121913_1887261885_n.jpg)

At my new work, I am assigned a ThinkPad T420 with HD+ screen and a 128G
SSD, and a ViewSonic monitor to go with it.  I've brought my M13 to use
as my main keyboard.  So far, so good :-)

For mobile devices, I'm pretty conservative: I just have an HTC Desire
with a custom ROM, with little to plan on changing to a new phone.
Aside from calling the folks and keeping in touch with my significant
other, I primarily use it as a mobile hotspot; this is also my main
factor when upgrading later, as I'd want to get a cheap phone with all
the functionality I'm using now, plus LTE connectivity.

## And what software?

I mainly run Linux, in particular
[Slackware](http://www.slackware.com); all my machines run either the
latest stable (Slackware64-14.0) or the development
(Slackware64-current) update.  Early on I've been using Debian and
Ubuntu, but has since then moved to Slackware as I found it to be just
right for me.  I still run Windows though for some games I play (I've
been going back to my Steam archive recently and marching virtual armies
on Rome: Total War and Company of Heroes.)

For editing, I prefer [Emacs](http://www.gnu.org/s/emacs); I also use
that for reading Usenet, via Gnus.  I'm currently getting by with
Org-Mode, and I feel I'll refine my Emacs setup very soon to get the
best results.  When on remote machines though, I use either plain vi or
nano, whichever is available.

Being a Perl programmer, I tend to have a local copy of the CPAN on my
machines, thanks to the wonder that is CPAN::Mini, and a local build of
various Perl versions, made possible with perlbrew.  Slackware (which I
also mirror locally, because it is just big enough ;) provides the rest
of the development toolchain, especially in -current, where the latest
versions of gcc, git, and various libraries are already available and
just plain work.

## What would be your dream setup?

Part of my dream setup is already real (classic ThinkPads + clicky
keyboards + a Linux that just works.)  Can't hurt to want some minor
updates though, like maybe 64+ core CPU and a cool (temperature-wise)
discrete graphics multicores on a larger-resolution ThinkPad.)  In the
near future, I'll probably get an SSD or two to replace the HDDS on my
machines for a quick boost, though I'm waiting on both SSD materials
technology and Linux support to get better.
